Migrate from Freenode to LiberaChat (#708)
python/devguide: help.rst

---------------

If you are comfortable with IRC you can try asking on ``#python-dev`` (on

> the `LiberaChat`_ network). Typically there are a number of experienced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `Libera.Chat`_ network). Typically there are a number of experienced
```

  You may not be able to access the history of this channel, so it cannot
  be used as a "knowledge base" of sorts.

> .. _LiberaChat: https://libera.chat/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _Libera.Chat: https://libera.chat/
```
